okay hi everyone welcome to the desk or
dev weekly sync up for the Jessa because
just a few meetings of July 16
the last time we synced up with this two
weeks ago my speaks of stuff cotton
Monza we love code but here we are again
to doing things today special cortex Inc
because we are trying out pure path we
already found a bunch of problems this
morning we already fixed a bunch of
things but we are still turned a little
bit with it so bear with us we'll try to
make this as smooth as possible to
everyone or at least work with what we
have for all the budget if you find
errors in the Consol things that you
think it'll be nice here please open
issues on pierpan repo which sits on oh
do i some with a lot of realizes I think
it's you're playing on the table so
you're drumming oh my god I'm sorry I'll
take it to my son let's go to the
updates same procedure as usual I'll
start with mine any questions so far so
good
any I'll put my hands on my head so that
okay go ahead we don't have a no tape
he's right who needs to be not take care
which is especially important given that
we might have some hiccups with your
Bell poker
thank you so much all right here Volker
or vmx and you should see that a bit
over the real time peer to peer well you
got it did you get it did you get it yes
yes it's working
Congrats to the VC group for making
Pierre back okay I'll start first
so yeah last week was really like I
personally put up meetings we released a
thief SEO dirty alive lots of things too
and then during the weekend I just
starting off like a reboot of a piece
and I pretend it's kind of like the
surgeon eyesight but of the DC draw as
well I want to make it work again like
it was kind of nice and we have so many
things on ipfs yes now that we can use
that we don't need to like us anymore so
so I'm working on it as I kind of like
my old flash new pet project per se like
interesting demo for the web community
I've been reviewing out yours people
please give me feedback on your cares
let's get it done this week we need to
have it finished by Wednesday this is
this really important everyone should
have done in frozen or cares by you you
might have seen comments for me on
spreadsheet or github repos I read the
release of Guardian vests I did the
release dance of like the NPM modules so
now if you enjoy the best image
controller you get 0 for 16 not 0 for 15
anymore
and with that I started doing interrupts
testing like sometimes still pass but I
know I'm seeing a lot of failures from
girl specifically it's always go to
jails of files bigger than 1 Meg and so
the other way around
it doesn't happen but you have to just
and we know there's a lot of like stream
website updates so we need really to
spend some time debugging what's
happening there
yeah essentially we also need to find
ways to encourage the Galactica's team
to run in topdesk before doing a release
because this didn't have to happen this
way but more on that soon yeah and then
we have an important event in another
month
this is EPS Emmett throw we recommend
people like attending or at least
watching a live stream and we're going
to have two workshops there so i am i
designing they are not cutting the
content helping others like to the weber
and then we have the jessica satire
website which has made a lot of progress
but still needs
to get done so I've been reviewing it
I'm really blocked on the central
testing like right now like I'm as good
as anyone else - I could really do my
get like there is a lot of things there
we know that the three monsters was it
things that change in my PFS and and we
need to fix that because it means like
we cannot download files larger than one
make from quite DFS in useful time like
they finish but it's just taking like
one order or two orders of magnitude
more time than it was before
it's really obnoxious and then next
let's finish the cures continue just
because we're putting over the workshops
I'm visiting London so hi people so I'll
be around
if you want to hang up and and hack
together and yeah I want to explore like
getting a piece a little sites that we
cannot share with the rest of community
so that people can access publishing
websites to IP passed very easily and
also every night chatting a lot like the
idea of creating a workshop er for IP
bus let's see if we can like make
something interesting in LA of being
together but yeah that's what is on my
mind and what I plan to do this week any
questions for me on all this all right
people seems like I speak very clearly
thank you
so yeah let's go next to Alan Shaw hi
okay so me so I went to the Deaf meeting
in Berlin and I met all of your
beautiful faces for the first time in
real life
and not all of them a lot of them and it
was great so it was super awesome to see
you all and yeah so yeah like David said
release it Jess I professor 0:30 live it
almost went without a hitch up until the
last minute but yeah it went it went
okay it went pretty well so that's
that's super exciting news I spend the
rest of the week looking
- why pre-start was being called twice
on JSI business so when you start or
instantiate a new jsr DFS node you could
you have like various options - in it or
or you don't have to start the node and
asked a question about what star
actually means and I think for the most
part that is being online or offline but
the the way the code was structured
meant the independent of how you like
because you could there's combinations
for so you can just like create it
create an instance and not initialize it
and not start it you can create it and
initialize it and not start it you can
create it and initialize it and start it
and all of those kind of combinations
the way the code was structured the
pre-start was being called but in most
of those combinations pre-start was
being called twice so that's probably
not great for that for the node in terms
as well I don't know if it was messing
up some other bits and pieces but in
terms of performance I guess we don't
want to be recreating things twice so
hopefully mine a performance bump by
kind of addressing that and so that's
that was what I'm doing this week after
the meeting I'm not anything at the
moment at the weekend I did a little
hack on Jeff's idea fests you add a CID
base option for to allow people to
actually get space for two encoded C IDs
out of ifs when you add things to it and
that's important because if we're going
to have C IDs in web browsers as as an
origin then they need to be case
insensitive and face vertice looks to be
the kind of best option for that at the
moment so we the idea is to eventually
move to base 32 encoded Co DS by default
and version and by virtue of that having
v1c IDs but this why what I packed on
was the first
there which actually leaves a default
they are but allows you to add things to
my PFS and specify command line option
so that when you get your output back
the see IDs that are printed to your
console or delivered to your browser are
in encoded using base 32 and mod codec
so I demoed that on the All Hands call
so I guess you could watch it there yes
and my next stop my next kind of actions
are to finish off that there's a whole
bunch of stuff around that while I was
doing it so I just need to clean all of
that bad especially pinning because pin
English is very much assuming base 58
coded hashes in the pen second set file
so that's gonna need some some stuff
done to it and but it it's gonna be a
big drop and something that I will be
doing over the quarter I'm so yeah like
I said I suspect to see ideas default
and in kind of tandem with that I want
to continue to stabilize the J's idea
person yes I profess API tests that's
kind of working progress they are
getting better I think they're getting
better and yeah and then and then once
they're kind of stable to a kind of
something I'm happy with and I'll be
able to then look into why they take so
long to execute and so I want to
identify where that bottlenecks are and
then make a plan for dealing with that
and then the other okay I've got is to
create a attend a no crash chase ipfs
demon that can be used as a bootstrap
node so that will be super rad by gender
and by the end of the quarter and that's
kind of far future
NeXT's for me and but that's all from me
thank you for listening
oh yeah oh by the way next
and I guess easily created everyone
should be the things that you'd planned
for next week
not necessarily the entire quarter
otherwise the fact becomes like you you
will focus but but it's good I know that
you're thinking about all these things I
guess like the feedback is let's like
pick a couple rather than all the key
results at the same time otherwise you
might ever be overwhelmed on the
bottlenecks for execution time I think
like if you like to check my issue on a
capacity CTL if we create a way to spin
multiple demons at the same time and
create pre-generated I peer IDs before
him like just like at 200 periodicity
generate once and then we use it for
tests because we don't ever use more
than like 10 maybe 20 notes so if we
have 200 it we have plenty of notes for
now in the future and that will cut
probably like 50 or more percent of the
execution time and I'm guessing like you
probably cannot finish that in like a
day or two and that will save you a lot
of time for everything else that you are
doing just like spinning up demons
faster then I would say given the
schedule of the quarter or the timeline
of the quarter like focusing on the base
30 to Sadie's migration is going to be
one of the most important things for the
D Web Summit
just because of all the conversations
that we all have a chest out there for
all the browser people etc and so like
also check in with yourself like if you
think it's possible to do it in two
weeks
why do I have all the tests hollow
migrations all the things and I would
say to that like cut the the execution
time by 50% with a demon generation and
then focus all your attention on the
best 32 things and make it happen it
will be very very viable for a lot of
the discussions by like seeing it happen
in quiet it's not just like an idea it's
just like an RC it's actually care that
works that people can see working on the
browser the the other thing like in a
bonus point for that soul in their fur
is the fact if you put that support for
UNICEF s4r all leaves right now we have
draw
eunuchs in fest notes which are like
just a buffer with the eunuchs it has
wrapping but if you have just like a row
leaf which is like the full block he's
done out of
that not only saves overhead but also
gives this compatibility with files
added to the URL store of go offense
that sound so like is just like a simple
trick because we decided check the type
of the leaf that's simple enough and
we'll add support for URLs or other
files to just happiness but but I can
explain more of these as sync so that we
don't see all the time I'll hear this
like my proposal focus make sense to you
yes yeah all right cool let's go next
any questions for Alan first all right
thank you
okay all right
so I was also at the Deaf meetings in
Berlin and there we create discussions
about two made a deep dive about graph
sync and it was great so there's also
like some communication I flipped the
crew requests with the details but if
disgusts me
I also found a vulnerability in ipfs
which is not fixed yet therefore not
disclosed but it's a good one so we
found the studio discussions and we also
the discussion about IP LD and IP on
research it's also an issue with this
stuff there you can just read it and
next I will be a pre-press stuff for the
D Web Summit and yeah also prepare for
the foss4g conference which is another
conference in of august but you will do
this in parallel because yeah it needs
to be some type of time idea that's why
i probably most week alright that's all
for me all right thank you so much for
website I don't have any specific
questions does anyone else has questions
for Booker I would just like was that a
hand back no
I'll just bring up like a lot of people
really need that like API and I right
now I don't see any tread all like
really designing the back API there's
like she's like multiple fragmented
conversations we didn't have the time to
other discussion at meetings but given
that it's becoming like such a blocker
for so many people it would be great for
someone and I know they're pretty
visible but like just putting these how
you might so someone did you like whoa s
all those conversations and I create the
BEC API could rule them all discussion
so that we can have something at the IP
events and Jessica festive moments
especially now that we are doing more
and more intro fests for them just
putting that on your radar and on your
mind cool okay next up no questions for
Walker sounds good and except we have
booboo hi guys so and also was you know
that meetings no week we had some
consist of all of the JSI PF siu site
and this week I'll be on that basically
implementing some of stuff with it we
discussed we today were already did the
planning regarding every topic we came
up in the in Berlin and we already have
a plan a likes to ask that vid to have
the the copy that is still missing until
Friday because we kind of want to on the
next not this one but the next week on
the Tuesday on Tuesday will like to have
like a complete production ready version
of the site so we have some kind of
buffer to reiterate a little bit is if
something is wrong so we if we can get
the copy until Friday would be nice I'll
be mostly doing the getting started
thing that we talked and also okay ours
and some rebar maintenance this week all
probably
some time off so this is probably it
sounds good
makes a lot of sense I can get you the
copy till Friday for sure and I also
will prepare that draft illustration for
the serviceworker section let's continue
using that document about the first
iteration actually bag documents to keep
updated like both sites like you tell me
what you have discussed in plan and I'll
give you feedback right here on the dock
that's why it works very well because
like I get all the implications on my
books but yeah you're talking about the
Google Docs yeah so this way we are in
sync perhaps we might make sense to
bring petrol also to this call so that
he can be part of like this event but I
can ping him for that yeah sure one
thing that which talks that probably
I'll write that on the Google Docs
Michelle just say if it takes - too much
time - the gateway serviceworker
graphics and section we can probably
like add to the features section a small
like a new item for the gateway and that
will probably faster just to get the
this thing ships and next week but you
probably will sync with Agata so it's
just suggesting if it that's faster I
think it's a might be a solution yeah
that sounds good I definitely like
prepare to not have it but I think also
we can have it so we can try to do both
and then whatever it's better it's cool
thank you can you just like repeat a
little bit of like ripple maintenance
I'm not sure if I got quite cut it just
going through the ripples the maintainer
and just make sure everything is working
fine understand everything that's going
on there go through the issues stuff at
it
all right cool okay yeah that's great
and that's something like we all should
do like there's a lot of new issues like
let's room the [ __ ] Awards like let's say
they label the issues like once I could
review the PRS etc there's a lot of
people waiting on our feedback sorry
well thank you any questions for you go
or shall we go to Jacob
alright check his time last week step
meetings in Berlin we also released some
updates Lupita Peaks there was a bug in
the cat DHT when I was trying to read
when there's no bytes there so if you
run into any issue with poll reader
where you start seeing like read 0
instead of X bytes let me know and I can
help with that it usually means you are
trying to read data when there's no data
that's expected to come back but that
should be working all the way through
GSI BFS now so hopefully no issues I'm
not currently blocked but I know there
are some blockers on the mdns spec so I
think that hasn't been touched in about
five months but there are more
conversations around that so probably
try to resurrect and get a final answer
on that hopefully this week or next and
then I will be working this week on
looking through the peer delivery or no
that's wrong pure discovery and content
routing modules to figure out what's
needed to get those all wrapped up for
this quarter and to catch up on PRS that
are open from last week I know I have at
least one or two sitting in switch to
get merged and then try to get
everything that's still in my head
undocumented from the Berlin meetings
that isn't already documented and then
I'll also continue conversations with
the rest of the p2p team on getting the
demons going any questions
so to me I think I pier discover you
actually mean pier routing but I know
it's too many pier something too many
words
but awesome yeah like in a no tonight
knowledge dumps because like someone so
many things happen it might be valuable
for you like each one of us to even is
like pull request so we like
placeholders of all the discussions that
you remember because otherwise if you
like are waiting to finish one bring
them and then the other one in them you
might just like flew out of all them
that happen and so just kind of like
leave notes around I'd like to remind
you that you have more notes about
certain topic so that we don't we don't
lose that information and there is it
any more questions for Jacob cool ok we
have four minutes left I think we have
to one-time passcode god you're next
hello so I've been working in the NS I
managed to finish the remaining optional
parameters that I was laps I also had
this logging and rankly and cache as
well then with peer-to-peer Oh cards
were also froze I created today appear
for the interface ffs core with the IPS
test as well and as almost all of you I
Finland being Berlin Wall Street I'm
kind of lost right now with the
interrupt test as well basically I'm
trying to test I Janus range interrupt
but I have two problems one is when I
try to use create a repo that was used
in go and then try to use it in jest
it is simply broken and curiously there
is a test for it but there is being
skipped right now I tried to figure out
why I went to Europe and I saw that
Dimitri was the last person traded that
so I couldn't manage to talk to him as
well I'm not sure why it is skipped
and I also taught in Berlin with Victor
instead but they also couldn't help me
and I into the other problem is he the
she has to go report then I can use the
repo in that interaction but my solution
is not working I don't know if it's a
problem of the data store is not exactly
the same or not and I go I finish ok and
for next I will continue it I penis was
interrupt and I also want to go to
through my ripples and the label issues
that they have there are lots of issues
with like without labels there and if I
have time I would also like to continue
to expect for opinion and that's it
sounds good so a lot of the problems
that you described is essentially
because we don't have like a proper up
to expect it has repo and then that's
beaten many of us like if you fun you
find notes all verticals saying god you
just broke the program or my exchange
without noticing and so we were always
playing this like cat-and-mouse game do
we
we got our that's it like we like
chasing to IP first repo changes without
having tests with other big
notifications just like make it very
painful for us to keep moving after when
we actually didn't need to change the
report all and so like on 0 for 16 there
was another repo change and actually
this one really affects you because they
change the location of like DNS records
and so this is where we actually now
need a really update from Steven and
Steven knows this very well like he
knows exactly like what changed there
what we also need in order for us to
move forward
is there a repo migrations tool so you
finally meet you on justify passage
describes this like we need a tool to do
River migrations there is one for
desktop so there is one written a girl
that works for any the best of knows the
thing is the browser in the browser you
have nothing to report to the repo
migrations and every time we do change
the repo what happens is people just
like open 30,000 issues on just the
first thing that people
because now their demon is saying that
the repo is ocupado anymore which is
true the repo when it changes our money
more what we need to have is a tool to
migrate the repo that is inside the
browser which doesn't exist right now
and so it's kind of like now like
between sort then like what to do first
it's actually like we need to understand
what change your IP is with your tests
and you can locally to update the repo
version for the whole ecosystem we need
the repo migration school and they'd see
something that perhaps you can take on
as well again they killed is already
written for a girl you can find it on
MSP for migrations repo Mike you just
have to translate it to JavaScript
that's it make sense ok I will check the
death repo and if I have any question I
will reach you again yes yo check what I
just posted on so it's like on on ok
one is this like tests that is on go
active s the intro tests and we go make
additions and the other issue is this
one just like track through there or put
questions there for the repo migration
story ok so if I need to ask something
about the repo I should talk with with
Steven with Steven on the I liked what
changed from 0 for 15 to 0 for 16 like
what was the change specifically on
Ibanez records and it's something about
namespaces they was level to me it just
like it does he told me I carry briefly
in like less than 10 seconds so I don't
know the details but they do have
already the repo migrations done so you
can even likely expect what the tool
does like the FS before migrations to us
and see what changed exactly ok thanks
okay so repo migrations check this repo
also
in here okay so that should help you and
but like of course if any have any
question just like put it on the issue
or ping me or Steven sweet okay any
questions for wash clothes we are two
minutes over but we still have one more
update and then we have some other notes
well I guess like the notes about these
people thing go ahead machi so one thing
I've done in these two weeks as built a
tool called peer Tyler which basically
publishes local host over HTTP and the
other thing I did is I found a few
vulnerabilities I don't know if they are
really that much of a deal but they
could be and for part of them and that's
all I did in these two weeks it sounds
good have you finished go ahead and
finish your I will
I haven't yet decided what I will do
next but I probably do something okay so
two things one is pure channel awesome
like I think you should bring that up to
that if s all ends and give a demo so
that people know about it on the
reporting portal abilities there's a
like BB awesome
we actually like on progress to like fix
them as a note for like security in
general you don't want to say you don't
know the public out like all right like
there is vulnerabilities because like if
there is no fixed n like the users the
users understand what is happening and
like what the users need is like first
to fix as cge like we the severity like
saying it's a high permeability alone
ability and I can say it's a low boiling
ability like you have to have some very
specific case any tool not necessarily
either whatever is running right now but
but then again like everyone is running
just a big test in production versus
alpha it hasn't been security really fit
yet you should not put it on production
like with braces like which receives
data at all if you are doing so be
careful always but yeah for next time
like use the the private security
Channel like it's called a responsible
this
soldier program like eh where you like
you responsibly disclosure upon the
beauty to prep a set of people the fix
happens and then we you responsibly
disclosure that to everyone with the fix
already them so that like no one gets
beaten right because if just professor
was out run bike was already won't allow
and running he like millions of services
now you just like put a huge bounty on
everyone it is running on it by saying
but then again like super thumbs up for
like fighting them and recording them
it's just like we should like be careful
in which channels we publish these
before they are fixed make sense make
sense everyone actually yeah awesome
awesome cool we have the fixes soon and
the CVE powers we typically also polish
an advisory to denote security projects
so that people are using NPM to install
modules can then get the the advisory
from the it happened in the past with it
that's in the past you can find our D
CDs they're cool thank you I think C's
all we were finding the silver I'm sorry
for taking extra time any other Alex is
here Alex is join Alex given a bit for
us yeah a meeting responses orbital say
it again I know I just thought I thought
the meeting we've had so far o'clock
that's what the kid hope that she said
this for just tundra I know like so or
not on that always subscribe to like if
s community calendar that's like it's
not true and and again the issue was
offended right after it was just a poor
copy paste all right okay cool anyway so
yeah two weeks ago shipped my furnace if
I said a fool
then last week yep always he the
developer meetings and then so yeah so
Arkady shows a like bone issue with some
of the streaming and what it is is you
can import nodes into go same raw leaves
which is fun because if you yeah anyway
so it's not really supporting you
so I'm adding support for Vall leaves
has a bit of a misunderstanding because
if you if you use MF s to add a file in
go then you get the leaves become UNIX
FS r or nodes so their UNIX FS nodes
with a type of war so they're still
wrapped in the pretty bar and if you use
our best files which is so if you just
use I give that add then your leaf nodes
become UNIX FS file nodes with chunks of
the file and unless you say raw leaves
in which case the leaf nodes and just
buffers with file dates them so that's
that was new information so yeah that's
why I'm adding support for that so I've
got to work in UNIX FS I
Casca I've just finished I just called
the test passing for em FS with that as
well because what it then transpires in
order to use your leaves you have to
have support for CID version one and I
was just kind of passing everything
through and it wasn't really working
properly so I've got that working
probably the manifest now so now I'm
running the Jo so ipfx tests and then
interrupt tests and I'm sure doesn't
notice that so that should be done
someone basically it's kind of majority
of the work is there after that I'm
gonna pick up the NPN on my PFS stuff
which would be quite good so I want to
okay so we need to run a service to keep
the NPM registry up-to-date do we have
any where we can run arbitrary docker
images because I don't really want to
mess with servers if I can help it
if there's s clustered or something that
would be great we do have machines with
a lot of likes on face that we can give
you access just like chat with
infrastructure team and they were in the
past I already use them too like an NP
my PFS cool there's only just like
automatable
repeatable you know one mutable
deployments whatever you see the monitor
cool yeah they'll be me cool thank you
so much okay
so first please add your notice to the
peer path so that we capture everything
I think I think you might have finished
syncing by now everybody's edits come in
slow motion
great like feature okay my point is
there is uniques FS like leaf types
there is unique so fast raw types which
is like that's em FS purchases normal
files and then there is IPL the overall
nodes which you like the URL store uses
we talked about those a little bit ago
with our so there's like three ways to
have a chunk of data when I profess and
they are all the same but they are all
represent a different way and unique
success has to understand all of them so
Allen just to make sure does like I
didn't confuse you with the update at
Alex's cave there's still the need for
like I killed Eve raw notes to be
supported by unique success engine it
seems like alex is already handling the
raw and the fire and the wicked types of
unique success itself
this is make sense or am i confusing
everyone I'm handling the role they show
rule leaves as well just just buff this
is what's the ones I wrapped in so you
mean like raw leaves a scene something
that doesn't have like any unique the
first dot Marshall just like the the raw
IPL dinos yeah just the raw peel Deena
oh it's excellent perfect
okay so let's work for for Allen when I
have a nice to do too
cool alright so that's it I hope I
didn't confuse people with other dogs
any other thing or if your timing is
over we need to finish here some people
have to go to the next call thank you
all for coming
this was a great update lots of things
last week was very exciting I think this
is going to be the best quarter yes and
yes you other interwebs
or if not steal was like give us a feel
like sleek some recording